gh-140764: Make "missed comma" syntax warning less cryptic (#140893)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-12-07-10-37-32.gh-issue-140764.kABu5f.rst

> Improve syntax warning messages for missing commas in sequences. The messages now say "did you miss a comma to separate sequence elements?" instead of "perhaps you missed a comma?".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve the suggestion in syntax warning messages for potentially missing commas when defining containers. The messages now say "did you miss a comma to separate elements?" instead of "perhaps you missed a comma?".
```
